
Graphics Editor Guide and Information
12/08/2021(Australian Dates) Yaboidenied#8889

The purpose of the tool is to allow for better graphics and settings access, compared to what 
Dead by Daylight currently allows in game. For my sanity, this is at your own risk, if you are banned,
it is your own fault. (However, apart from cheats which are NOT included in this tool, you shouldn’t be 
banned for using this). For your sake, please do not use this tool, AT ALL, when Dead by Daylight is open. 
Hovering over most parts of the tool will display some text to help you out.

SETUP:
C:\Users\YOURPCUSERNAME\AppData\Local\DeadByDaylight\Saved\Config\WindowsNoEditor
This may vary, but try this first, click Submit Directory once it is in the box, 
if the two large box fields labelled “Current Game Settings” & “Current Engine Settings” are not filled
 with information, it is the wrong directory. From here, everything should work. If you have trouble 
using this, consult WindowsNoEditor Manual Set.

Additional Info:
The file that determines the theme is kept in your Program Data file, as Mode.txt. 
“Purple” is Lilac Theme, “Light” is Light Theme, and no text/empty file is the normal theme. 

WindowsNoEditor Manual Set:
Go into your program data, a file there should be “WindowsNoEditorDirectory.txt’, 
if not, create it and paste your WindowsNoEditorDirectory there.

VSync:
Ticking the box will turn VSync on, ticking it off will turn VSync off. You can 
check whether it is on or off based of the “bUseVSync=” value, this can be 
either true or false. 


Anti-Aliasing:
	Clicking “Anti-Aliasing On”, turns it on, and clicking “Anti-Aliasing Off”, 
turn it off. 
You can check if Anti-Aliasing is On or Off at the bottom of your Engine file display, 
if it is on, there will be nothing, if it is turned off you will see “[/Script/Engine.GarbageCollectionSettings] r.DefaultFeature.AntiAliasing=0”.

FPS Caps:
WARNING: Going over 60FPS can cause minor characters movement stuttering, this can make 
moonwalking harder, but most would agree that if you have a higher refresh rate monitor it is worth it.
“No FPS Cap” This will allow Dead by Daylight to run at whatever framerate your computer 
can produce, it is normally set to 60FPS.
“144FPS Cap” This will cap Dead by Daylights framerate to 144, which is one of the typical high refresh rate monitor values. 
“120FPS Cap” This will cap Dead by Daylights framerate to 120, which is one of the typical high refresh rate monitor values.
“60FPS Cap (Default)” This is the default FPS cap that Dead by Daylight uses.

 Read-only:
“Read-only Off” Will allow Dead by Daylight to edit your settings, this should be used to, for example, 
change your audio levels in-game and then change settings using this tool. 
“Read-only On” This is done automatically each time you make a change with this tool but is also used to
 just simply make it so Dead by Daylight cannot change your settings.

Normal Editor/Ultra-Graphics Editor:
Normal Editor: This tool will always launch showing the “Normal Editor”, this lets you edit the graphics 
values (the sliders) within the bounds that Dead by Daylight allows.
Ultra-Graphics Editor: Clicking this will replace the sliders with new ones that allow you to enter values 
over what Dead by Daylight allows. Typically used for high end pcs or cinematics. (High performance cost)
Sliders:
All of the sliders should be self-explanatory, if not, a quick google search can explain what each do. The
 only notable mention is using Animation Quality at 0, the tool has a build in warning when doing this, but
 it does genuinely cause issues. Please do not do this, its only being left in for educational purposes.
Final Notes:
There are several issues with this program, which I hope are fixed/improved by the community. These vary 
from .0000 issue with the framerate, which causes issues when entirely uncapped, another way to set values 
rather than searching for 1-5 then changing. I hope that this is used in an educational and personal way and
 does not sell this or redistribute this as their own (without credit etc). 
